Did you know that the fear of the number "Thirteen" is called triskaidekaphobia!
Did you know that 1961 was the most recent year that could be written both upside-down and rightside-up and appear the same!
Did you know that it is estimated that millions of trees in the world are accidentally planted by squirrels who bury nuts and then forget where they hid them!\pau=1000\ I hide all my food in my tummy!
Did you know that the names of all continents end with the same letter they start with!
Did you know that the word 'pixel' is a contraction of either 'picture cell' or 'picture element.'!
Did you know that your hearth beats over 100.000 times a day!\pau=1000\ Thats a lot of beating!
Did you know that a stretched out Slinky is 87 feet long!\pau=1000\ That's what i call a long lanky slinky!
Did you know that in ancient Rome it was considered a sin to eat a woodpecker!
Did you know that during your lifetime, you'll eat about 60,000 pounds of food, that's the weight of about 6 elephants!\pau=1000\ And did you know that i'll probably eat twice that!
Did you know that the force of 1 billion people jumping at the same time is equal to 500 tons of TNT!
Did you know that the largest oil-producing field in the contiguous 48 states is in Taft, California!
Did you know that a fullgrown bear can run as fast as a horse!
Did you know that shrimp is the top seafood ordered in restaurants!
Did you know that of all the words in the English language, the word set has the most definitions!\pau=1000\ How many can you think of?
Did you know that the average American and Canadian drinks about 600 sodas a year!\pau=1000\ I can do that in one day!
Did you know that bamboo is not a tree. It is a wood grass!
Did you know that insects consume 10% of the world's food supply every year!
Did you know that Jupiter is bigger than all the other planets in our solar system combined!
Did you know that months that begin with a Sunday will always have a Friday the 13th!
Did you know that your ribs move about 5 million times a year, every time you breathe!
Did you know that the heart of giraffe is two feet long, and can weigh as much as twenty four pounds!
Did you know that irregardless is not a word!\pau=1000\ You must beleive this, irregardless of what i say!
Did you know that there are more plastic flamingos in the U.S, than real ones!
Did you know that Hawaii is the most southern state in the United States!
Did you know that the black mamba is the fastest snake on earth, reaching speeds of up to 20 miles per hour!
Did you know that a rodent's teeth never stop growing. They are worn down by the animal's constant gnawing on bark, leaves and other vegetable matter!
Did you know that the avocado has the most calories of any fruit!
Did you know that America once issued a 5-cent bill!
Did you know that dogs can hear sounds that you cant!
Did you know that the opposite sides of a dice cube always add up to seven!\pau=1000\ Seven is my lucky number!
Did you know that the surface area of a human lung is equal to a tennis court!
Did you know that the fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans!
Did you know that Babe Ruth wore a cabbage leaf under his cap to keep him cool!\pau=1000\ He changed it every 2 innings!
Did you know that the condensed water vapor trail left behind by jets and rockets is called a con-trail!
Did you know that on an American one-dollar bill, there is an owl in the upper corner left-hand corner of the 1 encased in the shield and a spider hidden in front upper right-hand corner?\pau=1000\ Those spiders... They seem to be hiding everywhere!
Did you know that each unit on the Richter Scale is equivalent to a power factor of about 32. So 6 is 32 times more powerful than a 5!.. It makes me tremble to think about that!
Did you know that McDonald's uses about five hundred and sixty million pounds of hamburger each year!\pau=1000\ Let's see.. hummmm.. Now how many quarter pounders is that?
Did you know that after eating, a housefly regurgitates its food and then eats it again!\pau=1000\ It tastes so nice... he eats it twice!
Did you know that there are no clocks in Las Vegas casinos! That's because there is only one time in Las Vegas.. Time for you and your money to part ways!
Did you know that the white part of your fingernail is called the lunula!
Did you know that about 3000 years ago, most Egyptians died by the time they where 30!
Did you know that a human sheds a complete layer of skin every 4 weeks!
Did you know that gophers are hermits!
Did you know that the ordinary house-fly beats its wings at a rate of two hundred times a second!\pau=1000\ Well.. That's the buzz, anyway!
Did you know that flying from London to New York by Concord, due to the time zones crossed, you can arrive 2 hours before you leave!
Did you know that the top three cork-producing countries are Spain, Portugal and Algeria!
Did you know that some turtles live for more than 200 years!\pau=1000\ I guess they'd better have a fulfilling hobby.
Did you know that large kangaroos cover more than thirty feet with each jump!\pau=1000\ Australia must be the Hoppiest place on earth!
Did you know that the electric eel can generate enough electric power to light up more than a dozen household light-bulbs!
Did you know that in 170 BC the world's first paved streets were built in Rome!
Did you know that the name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."!
Did you know that a sharks skin is smooth if you stroke it in one direction, but stroke it in the opposite direction and you may get cut!\pau=1000\ if i were that close to a shark, petting it would probably be one of the last things on my to-do list!
Did you know that "Mortimer" was the original name of Mickey Mouse!\pau=1000\ Actors.. They always have to come up with catchy stage names!
Did you know that the hyoid bone, in your throat, is the only bone in the body not attached to another bone!
Did you know that honeybees have a type of hair on their eyes!\pau=1000\ Do you think they have bee-hive hairdoos?
Did you know that the ant can lift 50 times its own weight, and can pull 30 times its own weight!\pau=1000\ No biggy... I can probably lift 50 times an ant's weight too.
Did you know that a group of geese on the ground is a gaggle, a group of geese in the air is a skein!\pau=1000\ And a group of geese in your living room is annoying!
Did you know that identical twins do not have the same fingerprints!
Did you know that one quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet!
Did you know that the durian has the distinction of being the "smelliest fruit on earth"!
Did you know that the Danish flag is one of the world's oldest flags!\pau=1000\ Denmark is always beautiful in the summer!
Did you know that stinkbugs stink as a natural defense mechanism!\pau=1000\ Hummmm.. That's news to me... I always tought it was just bad hygiene!
Did you know that if you counted 24 hours a day, it would take 31,688 years to reach one trillion!\pau=1000\ Did you know if you counted 24 hours a day, it would take about one day to reach insanity?
Did you know that the oldest musical instruments known to man date back to about 25,000 BC!
Did you know that an octopus will grow a new arm if it damages one!
Did you know that Whitby, Ontario has more donut stores per capita than any other place in the world!
Did you know that when hydrogen burns in the air, water is formed!
Did you know that 0.3% of all road accidents in Canada involve a moose!\pau=1000\ They should really consider revoking every moose's driver's license!
Did you know that lump of pure gold the size of a matchbox can be flattened into a sheet the size of a tennis court. I want that sheet for my bed!
Did you know that you catch most colds and flus by direct or indirect hand contact!\pau=1000\ Today's lesson... Don't be afraid to wash those hands!
Did you know that the hummingbird can fly as fast as 60 miles per hour!
Did you know that in a year, a persons hearth beats 40,000,000 times!\pau=1000\ That's really heart to believe!
Did you know that the closest relative to the Manatee is the Elephant. Scientists think the elephant crawled back into the sea to become a Manatee!\pau=1000\ I guess land was a nice place to visit, but they really didn't want to live here!
Did you know that owls are one of the onky birds who can see the color blue!
Did you know that the fastest of all fish in the sea is the swordfish, swimming near 68 miles per hour!\pau=1000\ That's one fish you wouldn't want to get in the way of!
Did you know that just twenty seconds' worth of fuel remained when Apollo 11's lunar module landed on the moon!
Did you know that over 50 billion aspirin tablets are taken worldwide each year!
Did you know that a newborn baby kangaroo is about the size of your fingertip!
Did you know that the three most popular attractions in the United States sre the Grand Canyon.. Yellowstone National Park.. and Nigara Falls!
Did you know that the highest point in Pennsylvania is lower than the lowest point in Colorado!
Did you know that the first toy product advertised on television was Mr. Potato Head!\pau=1000\ You know.. when Mr. Potato head takes his nose out of his ear socket, he can sure have a distinguished look about him!
Did you know that the male name Mark is from the Latin word for "hammer!"\pau=1000\ Now.. Is the name Mark Hammer redundant?
Did you know that brain surgery was successfully performed thousands of years ago!\pau=1000\ You don't have to be a brain surgeon to understand that!
Did you know that when ocean tides are at their highest, they are called "spring tides." When they are at their lowest, they are called "neap tides"!
Did you know that more than 75% of all the countries in the world are north of the equator!
Did you know that a group of gnats is called a horde!
Did you know that the Atlantic Ocean covers the world's longest mountain range!
Did you know that a cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off? It dies from starvation!\pau=1000\ I bet he'd spend most of his time running into old friends.
Did you know that a humpback whale's milk is 54 percent fat!\pau=1000\ Wow! I think i will lay off the whale milk for a while!
Did you know that it was once against the law to slam your car door in a city in Switzerland!
Did you know that a rainbow can be seen only in the morning or later afternon! It is a phenomenon that can occur only when the sun is 40 degrees or less above the horizon.
Did you know that in an average lifetime a person will walk the equivalent of three times around the world!\pau=1000\ That's nothing! I can travel around the world in a matter of seconds over the internet!
Did you know that the Library of Congress contains three hundred and twenty-seven miles of book shelves!
Did you know that the British custom of afternoon tea was introduced about 1840 by the Duchess of Bedford!
Did you know that our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing!
Did you know that the fear of all fears is called pantophobia!
Did you know that crocodiles swallow stones to help them dive deeper!
Did you know that the seven hills of Rome are Palatine, Capitoline, Quirinal, Viminal, Esquiline, Caelian, and Aventine!
Did you know that lemons contain more sugar than strawberries!\pau=1000\ Yeh.. but they have very sour personalities!
Did you know that two-thirds of the people in the world have not yet made a phone  all!
Did you know that the hippopotamus' skin is an inch and a half thick!
Did you know that a goldfish has a memory span of three seconds!\pau=1000\ Now don't i feel foolish for spending hours and hours trying to get mine to learn tricks.
Did you know that the game of monopoly has been sold in 19 different languages!
Did you know that sharks have been on earth a little over three hundred and fifty million years! You'd think they'd have made more friends by now!
Did you know that the bombardier beetle defends itself by emitting a series of explosions!
Did you know that the Scandinavian capital, Stockholm, is build on nine islands connected by bridges!
Did you know that in baseball, the seventh inning stetch is held in the seventh inning and takes place before the home team comes to bat because the number seven is considered lucky!
Did you know that the female condor lays a single egg once every two years!
Did you know that crickets hear through their knees!
Did you know that about 20% of the earth's surface is frozen!
Did you know that the Celsius scale is a temperature scale in wich 0 degrees is set at the freezing point of water.. and 100 degrees is set at the boiling point of water at the sea level!
Did you know that the animal with the largest brain in relation to its body is the ant!
Did you know that the common goldfish is the only animal that can see both infra-red and ultra-violet light!
Did you know that a hedgehog's heart beats 300 times a minute on average!\pau=1000\ I think its time those hedgehogs lay-off the caffeine!
Did you know that a single cabbage a-phid can give rise in a year to a mass of descendants weighing 906,000,000 tons!
Did you know that the only continent without reptiles or snakes is Anarctica!
Did you know that your hair contains your complete DNA blueprint!
Did you know that the giant squid has the largest eyes in the world!\pau=1000\ I bet they're not larger than my eyes when i see a banana!
Did you know that all swine under 180 pounds are pigs, and those over that weight are hogs!\pau=1000\ Those pigs spend way too much time worrying about their weight!
Did you know that the largest meteorite crater in the world is in Winslow, Arizona at 4,150 feet across and 150 feet deep!
Did you know that the Antarctica is the windiest place on earth!
Did you know that your left lung is smaller than your right lung to make room for your heart!
Did you know that the skin of a human weighs nearly six pounds!
Did you know that the longest word in the English language that has only one vowel is "strengths"!\pau=1000\ Teaching you new facts is one of my strenghts!
Did you know that the first Lifesaver flavor was peppermint!
Did you know that it would only take about 20 days to make a million dollars if you starting salary of $1 were doubled each consecutive day!
Did you know that apples are more efficent than caffeine in keeping people awake in the mornings!\pau=1000\ How do you like them apples?
Did you know that many species of butterflies, just like birds, fly south for the winter!
Did you know that a racehorse which has never won a race is referred to as a Maiden!
Did you know that dogs and cats, like humans, are either right of left handed... or is that pawed!
Did you know that the volume of water in the Amazon river is greater than the next eight largest rivers in the world combined!
Did you know that dairy products make-up about 29% of all food consumed by people in the United States!
Did you know that the typical American eats two hundred and sixty-three eggs a year!\pau=1000\ And they said that the Devilled Egg craze was coming to an end!
Did you know that light from the moon takes about a second and a half to reach Earth!
Did you know that France has the highest per capita consumption of cheese!
Did you know that the numbers '172' can be found on the back of the U.S. 5 dollar bill, in the bushes, at the base of the Lincoln Memorial!\pau=1000\ You never know what you'll find hiding in the bushes.
Did you know that the longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds!
Did you know that the United States Supreme Court once ruled Federal income tax unconstitutional!\pau=1000\ Now those were the good old days!
Did you know that as of 1976 there was $77 billion worth of paper currency in circulation in the United States!
Did you know that the fortune cookie was invented in 1916 by George Jung, a Los Agneles noodlemaker!\pau=1000\ I bet he made a fortune with that product!
Did you know that close encounters of the first kind is the sighting of a UFO..close encounters of the second kind is finding physical evidence of a UFO, and close encounters of the third kind is actual physical contact with a UFO!
Did you know that antlers and horns are not the same. Horns grow throughout an animal's life and are found on both the male and female of a species. Antlers, composed of a different chemical substance, are shed every year!
Did you know that to qualify as a hurricane, a storm must develop winds in excess of 75 miles per hour!
Did you know that cars were first started with ignition keys in 1949! Before that, cars were awefully cranky!
Did you know that on average 61,000 people are airborne over the United States at any given hour!
Did you know that the average age of a female Olympic competitor is 20!
Did you know that a hummingbird weighs less than a penny!\pau=1000\ What a light weight.
Did you know that porcupines float in water! Do you know how to make a porcupine float?\pau=1000\ By pouring root beer on him!
Did you know that nose prints are used to identify dogs, just like humans use fingerprints! I use my driver's license...
Did you know that the gazelle does not drink water.. it extracts the moisture it needs from the food it eats! Those guys must eat a lot of watermelon!
Did you know that until 1796, there was a state in the United States called Franklin. Today it's known as Tennessee!\pau=1000\ Come on. The man discovered electricity..He should at least have a state named after him!
Did you know that in 1935 Jesse Owens broke 4 world records in 45 minutes!
Did you know that every time you lick a stamp, you're consuming 1 10th of a calorie!\pau=1000\ Yeh..that's it..I got this way from licking too many stamps.. Well...maybe not.
Did you know that Elvis Presley was a blond who dyed his hair black!
Did you know that Galileo was the first man to suggest using a pendulum to run a clock!
Did you know that a baby blue whale grows nine pounds an hour from the time it is born until it is full grown!