Did you hear about the new computer virus called the Star Trek virus. It invades your system in places where no virus has gone before!
What happens when you throw a green rock in the Red sea? It gets wet!
Do you know what a software Upgrade is? Taking out old bugs and putting in new bugs!
When is the best time to go to bed? When the bed won't come to you!
What did the bull say after his visit to the china shop? I just had a smashing time!
When does Thursday come before Wednesday? Only in the dictionary!
What happens when you tell jokes about the stomach? You get belly laughs!
Why should a fisherman always be wealthy? Because his business is net profit!
What animals need oiling? Mice because they squeack!
Two sausagesare in a pan. One looks at the other and says "Boy it's hot in here!" and the other sausage says "Unbelievable! it's a talking sausage!" He who laughs last thinks slowest!
What goes up and down but does not move? A ladder!
What's black when clean, and white when dirty? A Blackboard!
Why should you never swim on an empty stomach? it's easier to swim in water!
What animal is it that walks first on four legs, later on two legs, and in old age on three? A person!..he crawls, he walks, and then uses a cane!
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold hard cash!
What happens to an old suit when you throw it in the river! It changes into a wet suit!
Why is your nose in the middle of your face? It's the scenter!
What is in the middle of Paris? The letter "r"!
What happened when the frog's car broke down on the highway? He was toad away!
How do you know the ocean is friendly? Because it waves!
What did the policeman have in his sandwiches? Traffic Jam!
What do you call a cow in an earthquake? A milkshake!
Do you know why they're not growing bananas any longer? Because they're long enough already!
What is the definition of an optimist? A man who falls from the top of the Eiffel Tower and says on the way down.."Well, I'm not hurt yet"!
What is the difference between an old penny and a new nickel? Four cents!
What do people do who work in a clock factory? They make faces all day!
What can be held without ever getting touched? A conversation!
What are frog's favorite tales? Croak and dagger stories!
What do you get when you cross a dog with an elephant? A very nervous postman!
Who invented spaghetti? It must have been someone who used his noodle!
Why do some women wear curlers at night? So they can wake up curly in the morning!
What do you get when you cross a porcupine with a gorilla? Any seat you want on the school bus!
What is easy to get into, but hard to get out of? Trouble!
What has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would make a loud sound? A pool table!
Why does a giraffe have such a long neck? Because his head is so far away from his body!
Wich is the saddest tree? A weeping willow!
What do frogs like to drink? Croaka-Cola!
I have six eyes, two mouths and three ears. What am i? A monster!
When is a window like a star? When it's a skylight!
If an egg came floating down the Ohio River, where did it come from? From a hen!
What does a bee use to brush its hair? A honey comb!
What is commonly called brain food? Noodle soup!
Where does the general keep his armies? Up his sleevies!
Why did the workers at the government mint go on strike? They wanted to make less money!
What travels around the earth without using a single drop of fuel? The moon!
What begins with E and ends with E and has a letter in between? An envelope!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I'll meet you at the corner!
What's the difference between a hill and a pill? A hill is hard to get up, and a pill is hard to get down!
What does a clean nose have? Fingerprints!
How did the water know it was going down the drain? It had a sinking feeling!
Why is a river always rich? It has a bank on both sides!
How do fish go into business? They start on a small scale!
How do they put milk in the Milky Way? With the big dipper!
What do elephants have that no other animal has? Baby elephants!
Did you hear about the man who was tap dancing? He broke his ankle when he fell into the sink!
Do you know what a politically correct computer virus is? One that refers to itself as an 'electronic micro organism'.
What is an eagle after he is five days old? Six days old!
How do barbers get to their shops quickley? They take short cuts!
What happened to the wooden Car? It wooden Go!
One atom goes to the other and says. "I think i lost an electron." And the other one asks, "are you sure???" And the one goes, "I'm positive".
How do you cut an ocean in two? With a sea-saw!
What do you get if you cross a hippopotamus with a kangaroo? Great big holes all over Australia!
How much money did the pirate pay for his ear to get pierced? A buck an ear!
How much dirt can you take out of a hole two-feet square, and two-feet deep? None..The dirt has already been removed from a hole!
Where do you take a sick dog? To the dog-tur!
What did the alien say to the g arden? Take me to your weeder!
Why was the librarian sad? She was getting the silent treatment!
If you were locked out of your house, how would you get in? Sing a song until you found the right key!
What animal has two humps and is found in the North pole? A lost camel!
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car? Robin, get in the car!
What do you cann a happy lassie? A jolly collie!
Why couldn't the leopard escape from the zoo? Cause he was always spotted!
What is the science of shopping called? Buy-ology!
What does a pig use to store data on a computer? A sloppy disk!
When is a pie like a poet? When it's browning!
What do you call a Pain in the lower back that occurs, only when you say the wrong thing? A Freudian slip-disk!
When does a police dog not look like a police dog? When its an undercover agent!
What is full of holes but can hold water? A sponge.
Have you heard about the man with five legs? His trousers fit him like a glove!
Why do we call money, 'bread'? Because everybody 'kneads' it!
Where would you learn to make ice cream? Sundae school!
What is green and goes up and down? A pickle in an elevator!
What is the difference between an amateur programmer and a professional? An amateur thinks that 1 kilobyte is 1000 bytes. A professional thinks that 1 kilometer is 1024 meters!
What pet makes the loudest noise? The trum-pet!
Why are wolves like playing cards? They both come in packs!
What do you call a cow that can't give milk? An utter failure!
Why is tennis a noisy game? Cause when you play it you have to raise a racket!
How long is a computer's attention span? As long as its power cord!
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a garage
Who earns a living by driving his customers away? A taxi driver!
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back!
What do you call a man who shaves ten times a day? A barber!
What do you get when you cross a parrot with a canary? A bird that knows both the words and the music!
What has teeth but never eats? A comb!
What did the grape do when it got stepped on? It let out a little wine!
Do you know the definition of an 'ethernet'? Its something used to catch the eitherbunny!
What room has no walls, floor, ceiling, or windows? A mushroom!
What did one fish say to the other? If you keep your mouth shut, you won't get cautgh!
What fruit is always complaining? A crab apple!
Why do they call HTML hyper text? To much Java!
How many lions can you put into an empty cage? One!..then it would no longer be empty!
What letter is like an island? T! Because it is in the middle of water!
What do you call a monkey that loves to eat potato chips? A chip monk!
Why did the boy give cough syrup to the pony? Because someone told him it was a little horse!
What did the tire jack say to the car? Can i give you a lift!
What is the difference between a tuna fish and a piano? You can't tune a fish!
How do small children travel? In mini vans!
What animal talks all the time? A yak!
What do they call a turtle who always tells on his friends? A turtle-tale!
Where does a sick ship go? To the doc's!
Why is an empty purse always the same? Because there is never any change in it!
When are peoples glad to be down-and-out? After a bumpy plane ride!
What kind of car does luke Skywalker drive? A toy-yoda!
How do you know when you've purchased a lousy computer? When it has the words 'Ectch-A-Sketch' in the corner!
Which American President wore the largest hat? The one with the biggest head!
Know why, tech support for an Etch-A-Sketch was much simpler than for computers? Because there was only one answer for every question, 'Pick it up and shake it'!
What is always behind time? The back of a clock!
Do you know how to sculpt a horse? Just take a big block of marble and chip away anything that doesen't look like a horse!
What is the longest word in the English dictionary? 'Smiles', because there's a mile between its first letter and last letter!
What did one angel say to the other angel? "Halo there!"
Why does a giraffe eat so little? Because a little goes a long way!
What kind of birds always stick togheter? Velcrows!
What has a neck but no head? A bottle!
Where do cars get the most flat tires? Where there are forks in the road!
Where does a sick horse go? To the horse-pital!
What does the wisest person overlook? His nose!
Why is a cat in the desert like Christmas? Because of its sandy claws!
Why do plumbers wear yellow suspenders? To hold their pants up!
How many months have 28 days? All of them!
Why didn't the banana snore? Because it was afraid to wake up the rest of the bunch!
What is a computer's favorite dance? Disk-o!
What are the three most used words in school? I don't know!
What is a fish's favorite TV show? Name that tuna!
When is a child not his father's son? When its a daughter!
Why did the comedian tell jokes in front of the mirror? He wanted to see it crack up!
What do you call a bee born in May? A maybe!
why did dracula take cough medicine? To stop his coffin!
What did Frankenstein say when the electricity went off? AC come..AC go!
What is the most popular game show for fish? Name that Tuna!
What's the funniest animal in the world? A stand-up chameleon!
What do you lose every time you stand up? Your lap!
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little booggy in it!
Where do you take a sick ocean liner? To the dock!
What's the best place to look for a helping hand? At the end of your arm!
When is a baseball game like a crime? When it's a hit and run!
Why did the rocket lose its job? It got fired!
What did the raisin say to the coffee cake? I feel as if i'm rolling in dough!
When is an elevator not an elevator? When its going down!
What animal is always laughing? A happy-potamus!
What is the best way to fix the broken tooth of a gorilla? With a monkey wrench!
What sound do porcupines make when they kiss? Ouch!
How do you tell an elephant from a banana? A banana is yellow!
What did the mother bee say to the naught baby bee? Just beehive yourself!
Why is the letter A like a flower? Because a bee comes after it!
A cowboy rode to an inn on Friday. He stayed two nights and left on Friday. How could that be? His horse's name was Friday!
What gets wetter as it dries? A towel!
What do you have 100 rabbits in a row, and 99 step back? A receding hare line!
A dime and a nickel were on a table. The nickel fell off, why didn't the dime? It had more cents!
What never asks questions but gets pressed for answers? A doorbell!
How do you catch monkeys? Hang from a tree and make a noise like a banana!
What was the turtle doing on the interstate? About two miles per hour!
How can you communicate with a fish? Drop him a line!
At what time of year is it best to use a trampoline? In the springtime!
What dog keeps the best time? A watch dog!
What sort of star is dangerous? A shooting star!
Where do dogs go when they've lost their tails? To the retailer!
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frost bite!
Why could Sir Lancelot see in the dark? He had knight vision goggles!
What did the baby corn say to the mother corn? "Where's Pop-corn"!
If all cars in a country were white, what would they have? A white-car-nation!
Why couldn't batman go fishing? Because Robin ate all the worms!
What has an eye but sees nothing? A needle!
What is a crate of ducks?
When the man stepped on a candy bar, what did he say? I've set foot on Mars!
What kind of table has no legs? A multiplication table!
When is a wall like a fish? When it is scaled!
Why is the sun like a black eye? They are both shiners!
What fruit is always complaining? A crab apple!
What is as big as an elephant, but doesen't weigh anything? The shadow of an elephant!
What do birds need when they are sick? A tweetment!
What did the big flower say to the little flower? Hi Bud!
What are the two things you cannot have for breackfast? Lunch and dinner!
What is the definition of a sculptor? A chip off the old block!
What kind of spy hangs around a department store? A counter-spy!
What did the judge say to his wife when he came home? It has been another trying day!
When do peoples talk turkey? When they are gobbling their supper!
What happened to the mechanic who fell asleep dreaming about car mufflers? He woke up exhausted!
What wears a coat all winter and pants all summer? A dog!
Name six things that have milk in them. Butter, cheese, ice cream, and three cows!
What did one flea say to the other flea? "Shall we walk or take a cat?"
What kind of royality plays golf? Queen of clubs!
On a hot day, what is the best kind of letter to read? Fan mail!
What did the paper say to the pencil? "Write on, Dude!
How long should an animal's legs be? Long enough to reach the ground!
What are the best things to put in a fruit pie? Your teeth!
What time of day can you spell backward and forward? Noon!
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he gets a hole in one!
Why should opera singers be good sailors? They know how to handle high "C"s!
Which monkey can fly? The hot air babboon!
Why were the bees on strike? They wanted shorter flowers and more honey!
How many witches does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but she changes into a toad!
What insect is religious? A praying mantis!
What training do you need to be a garbage collector? None..you pick it up as you go along!
What did the father buffalo say when his son went to school? Bi-son!
Why did Jack and Jill roll down the hill? Because they got tired of walking!
If a head of cabbage, a tomato, and a tap ran a race, who would win? The cabbage would be ahead, the tomato would ketchup, and the tap would still be running!
Where do cows go to have fun? To the mooovies!
What is the best way to call a tiger? By long distance!
What travels faster, heat or cold? Heat, because you can always catch a cold!
Which pets always lie around the house? Carpets!